Threat Intelligence Beta: OpenAPI spec, interactive reference, Postman (#22)
patchstack/documentation: src/content/docs/API solutions/Threat Intelligence API/beta.md

This page covers the concepts you need to use the API effectively — authentication, platforms, pagination, rate limiting, and migration from v2. Use it alongside the interactive reference.

## Use with Postman, Insomnia, Bruno or Hoppscotch

We publish the API as an [OpenAPI 3.1 spec](https://docs.patchstack.com/schemas/threat-intel-beta.yaml) and a pre-built [Postman collection](https://docs.patchstack.com/schemas/threat-intel-beta.postman_collection.json). Every endpoint, parameter, request body and example is preconfigured — set your `PSKey` once and the whole collection authenticates.

[![Run in Postman](https://run.pstmn.io/button.svg)](https://app.getpostman.com/run-collection/?collection=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fpatchstack%2Fdocumentation%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fschemas%2Fthreat-intel-beta.postman_collection.json)

Or [download the collection](/schemas/threat-intel-beta.postman_collection.json) directly and drag it into Postman/Insomnia/Bruno/Hoppscotch.

| Tool | How to import |
|---|---|

> | **Postman** | Click the button above, or `File → Import → URL` and paste the collection URL. |

Reviewer: The `app.getpostman.com/run-collection/?collection=<url>` endpoint was deprecated — Postman no longer imports raw JSON URLs through it, so clicking this button silently does nothing. The only way to get a working one-click Run-in-Postman button is to publish the collection to Postman's Public API Network and embed the button snippet Postman generates (which contains a real collection UID).

Suggesting we drop the broken button and lean on the existing download link + `File → Import → Link` flow until/unless someone publishes the collection to Postman. Honest about what works today, and can be re-added later without a breaking change.

```suggestion
[Download the collection](/schemas/threat-intel-beta.postman_collection.json) and drag it into Postman/Insomnia/Bruno/Hoppscotch, or import it by URL from inside the tool.

| Tool | How to import |
|---|---|
| **Postman** | `File → Import → Link` and paste the collection URL. |
```

Reviewer: Uploading Screen Recording 2026-04-22 at 13.33.12.mov…

Author: yes I agree @mariojgt - can you go ahead and make that change

Author: p.s. I dont think video uploaded

Author: issue with Applying suggestions on deleted lines is currently not supported. so have done locally.
